docs: add migration instructions for enabling non-destructive hydration in SSR applications (#21039)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/221121_8/migration.md

## Additional migration steps if using Server Side Rendering (SSR)

### Enable Non-Destructive Hydration (Required for SSR)

> If your application uses Server-Side Rendering (SSR), you **must** enable Angular's non-destructive hydration. This is now a requirement for Spartacus 221121_8.

Reviewer: [minor]
`must` vs `should`

I'm aware I said we'd like to _force_ customers to start using this feature, so the usage of word `must` feels right from this point of view.
In practice the truth is that their app won't break if they don't enable this feature.
So I think I'd use a word `should` in this case.

We may also add a reason/motivation behind it:
"This aligns your app with current Angular best practices, making maintenance and upgrades easier."

```suggestion
If your application uses Server-Side Rendering (SSR), you should enable Angular's non-destructive hydration. This is now a requirement for Spartacus 221121_8. This aligns your app with current Angular best practices, making maintenance and upgrades easier.
```

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    BrowserModule,
    // ...
  ],
  providers: [
+   provideClientHydration(withEventReplay(), withNoHttpTransferCache()),
    // ...
  ],
  // ...
})
export class AppModule { }
```

**For standalone applications (app.config.ts):**

```typescript
import { ApplicationConfig } from '@angular/core';
import {
  provideClientHydration,
  withEventReplay,
  withNoHttpTransferCache,
} from '@angular/platform-browser';

export const appConfig: ApplicationConfig = {
  providers: [
    provideClientHydration(withEventReplay(), withNoHttpTransferCache()),
    // ...
  ]
};
```

#### Why are these options required?

- **`withEventReplay()`**: Ensures that user interactions that occur before the application is fully hydrated are captured and replayed. This provides a seamless user experience even during the hydration process.

- **`withNoHttpTransferCache()`**: Disables the HTTP transfer cache for hydration. This is required for Spartacus because Spartacus uses its own state transfer mechanism. Without this option, there could be conflicts between Angular's built-in HTTP transfer cache and Spartacus's custom implementation.

#### Important Notes

> - Non-destructive hydration is **only required for SSR applications**. If your application does not use SSR, you can skip this step.

Reviewer: [nitpick]
It's already inside SSR-only-migrations section of the doc, so I'm not sure we need to remind it again here (for brevity)

Author: Removed line.
